Database Spec Statements (#50)
k8tre/k8tre: docs/architecture.md

### Databases

> The K8TRE Reference Implementation includes a default Postgres DB, for the general use of apps. CloudNativePG is used with ArgoCD to configure and manage this on-cluster DB.

Author: ```suggestion
The K8TRE Reference Implementation includes the CNPG operator and a default Postgres database. Applications can use the default DB, or deploy their own Postgres databases in a consistent manner using the operator.
```

> The K8TRE Reference Implementation includes the CNPG operator and a default Postgres database. Applications can use the default DB, or deploy their own Postgres databases in a consistent manner using the operator.

Reviewer: @finleybacon , I am not sure we should allow applications to use the default database as part of the reference implementation. I think the database belongs to the application rather than the core infrastructure. The _ability _ to create databases belongs to the core infrastructure. 

The reference implementation comes with CNPG which the application developers can use to _create_ their own application-specific database. Much better from a security and resource management pov. For instance, Keycloak in K8TRE uses CNPG to create a postgres cluster for itself (https://github.com/k8tre/k8tre/blob/main/apps/keycloak/envs/dev/postgres.yaml).
